Initial Pipelines Code (#1)
cogenta/Conduit: README.md

                        .AddPipeline<int>("MyFirstPipeline", builder =>
                        {
                            builder.AddPhaseFromExpression(input => input + 1);
                        })
                        .BuildServiceProvider();

Console.WriteLine(services.GetRequiredService<IPipelineManager<int>>().Get(Constants.Pipeline1).Execute(5));
```

The output of the above program, should be: `6`

### Default pipelines (or nameless pipelines)

We recognised that you might not always have a complex setup that requires the use of named pipelines. Our solution to this is allowing you to define a default pipeline for a specified type.

To create a default pipeline, mirror the following code:

```c#
.AddDefaultPipeline<int>(builder =>
{
    builder.AddPhaseFromExpression(input => input + 1);
})
```

or;

```c#
.AddDefaultAsyncPipeline<int>(builder =>
{
    builder.AddPhaseFromExpression(input => input + 1);
})
```

As part of the default pipeline builder, you have access to all of the same stuff that you would when defining a named pipeline.

Once this is registered, you can access the pipeline in your code by injecting `IPipeline<T>`/`IAsyncPipeline<T>`.

> _**Note**: You can have different default pipelines for your synchronos and asynchronos code paths._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_**Note**: You can have different default pipelines for your synchronous and asynchronous code paths._
```

> ### Conditional execution of pipline phases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Conditional execution of pipeline phases
```
